CI: Run tests in a single CI job (Ubuntu + Python 3.9) for draft PRs (#906)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: MAINTENANCE.md

This is ran on every commit to the *master* and Pull Request branches.
It is also scheduled to run daily on the *master* branch.

> In draft PRs, only one job (Ubuntu + Python latest) is triggered to
> save CI resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In draft Pull Requests, only one job (Ubuntu + Python latest)
is triggered to save on Continuous Integration resources.
```
Use full text.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, add [skip ci] to your commit message so that Github Actions won't run.
See https://github.blog/changelog/2021-02-08-github-actions-skip-pull-request-and-push-workflows-with-skip-ci/.

```

Author: Prefer to leave it to another PR, as more tests need to be done before documenting it.

Reviewer: Ok, feel free to copy this text to that next PR.
